make some game state that represents all the public knowledge at any point in time
this should include the action history (chip bet sizes), as well as board/discard cards.
this should be defined as some struct [three_card_game_state_local] or something that inherits from a abstract struct for general three_card_game_state_local

then, a generic local player abstract struct should be made
this should support one function and should be stateless

game_state, private info -> distribution over valid actions
it can also have an init with arbitrary args based on whatevers needed for that player idk. 

game_state is the before game state; private info in our case is the 3 card hand dealt at the beginning.
distribution over valid actions is a distribution over all the possible actions at a given state.

i guess priivate info should also be some struct and u have 3card private info
or even simplier it could simply be an integer representing which cards u were dealt, so we dont have extra structs for not much reason. 

note that if we want, we can have our player class simply call this local player class in the future.

this local player class is being created to allow us to play two players or strategies against eachother using AIVAT

in particular, we will be able to play one strategy computed by CFR against a LBR strategy that is given this opposing local player strategy during its init.
then, LBR can call this opposing strategy local player and figure out whats the local best action, and use that when outputting its action distribution
in addition, the LBR should only output actions with nonzero probabilities when it is supported by the same action abstraction as the opposing local player (we dont want off-tree actions for now)

there is some more stuff i should elaborate on, text me if i forget.

todo: implement this local player stuff and a local player that takes a cfr checkpoint as input
also implement aivat inside tools folder. 


also some notes about LBR that i have from my understanding (didnt read paper at all)

basically, LBR works like
given some game state and private info
do depth d search over actions (using opponent action abstractions)
whilst traversing down tree, update opponent range
at each terminal action, calculate equity of your hand against opponent range
then convert this to chipEV and bottom up compute chipEV of higher up nodes
for nodes where its your opponents turn, chipEV(parent) = p(child) * chipEV(child)
for nodes where its your turn, chipEV(parent) = argmax chipEV(child)
now, at root node where you have to make a decision, choose the child node with highest chipEV

we should choose depth by level in game, not physical game depth (double check with thomas how he processes cfr level by level, but its probably with this idea im guessing)
so first turn of flop is same depth for example. 

actually, i guess we can also choose depth by actual depth not level in game, but this might be worse unsure.
either way, we should never terminate our depth preflop (always after all discards are done)
this way this equity stuff at the end actually means something.
also, we should adjust our depth based on roughly time/branching factor for later streets. 
this depth information should be hyperparameters in the specific LBR_3card_player

small addition:
i think we should prolly do the level by level depth sorta thing. ngl we might be able to search whole tree or smth. 
i guess its expensive updating opponent's range cause for each hand u gotta figure out which infoset its in and extra actions. 
either way, i think the way we do the depth of search is like:
preflop/discard1/discard2: terminal nodes are right after before (or after?) the flop has been revealed
flop: terminal nodes are right before (or after?) the turn has been revealed. 
turn: terminal nodes are right before the river has been revealed.
river: terminal nodes are terminal nodes of the game. 

i guess if we want to do higher depth, terminal nodes for flop could be right bfr river revealed, but this is surely too expensive. 
benchmark benchmark i guess. 

also, in terms for the action abstraction stuff, the LBR local player should simply call the CFR local player's function, and use the same actions as them. 



